All right, I'm gonna remove that logging,
we no longer need it.
We've verified that we are,
in fact, getting cache hits.
So, I'm just gonna delete that and
delete that.
Okay, let's add a search
page that we can search for
movies that we're interested in.
The score by now we create a new
directory inside here, call it search.
And inside the, we'll create a page.ts and
a page.spelt, And
we'll add a load function
in our page.ts file.
And we're going to be using the URL object
because we're going to need to grab
the query parameter.
And if the query parameter isn't
specified, then we'll just assume that
someone has come direct to the search page
and they haven't yet performed a search.
So, we're going to return
an empty array of movies.
I'm also going to pass
the empty string back to them.
But if they have specified a query,
then we're going to make an API request.
That's data equals await.
And we need to import our API helper.
Import star as API from lib/API.
We've got to pass in our fetch.
So, let's grab that.
And the endpoint this time
is search slash movie.
And we're going to pass that
query direct to the API.
And this is going to give
us back another movie list.
You can see that it's auto-imported
that from our type declarations.
So, we'll return the query so that we
can render that in the search input.
And the move is the results
array from the data object.
And then inside our search page.
We're gonna add a div class = column.
And at the very top, we'll just
have a big title that says, Search.
So, let's go over to our
in progress search page.
And also if there was a query that was
made, we need to create our script tag so
that we can access the data
that was passed in.
Remember Lang equals TS
export less data than
what's going on with my
typing skills right now.
Data Query was provided.
Then we're going to use that results page
component that we've been using so far.
Pass it the movies.
And we're going to give it a next
attribute of null for now.
And obviously, because we don't
have a query at this point,
we don't have anything to render.
In theory,
if I add a query like Avatar now,
it is in fact performing a search and
rendering that.
But we want to have some user interface
that allows us to edit the query.
So, let's create a form element.
Unlike the other forms that we've been
using in this workshop, we're not using
method equals post this time because this
is just going to reload the current page.
It's not mutating any data or
anything like that.
It's just making a request to the API.
So, we'll omit the method and
we'll omit the action,
but we'll add an input,
give it a name query,
because that's going to correspond
to the query parameter.
We'll initialize it with any query
that was previously added like this.
I'm going to disable autocomplete and
I'm going to disable the spellcheck,
otherwise it's going complain
about the spellings of movies.
And hopefully,
if I now search for Star Wars.
It's going to go away,
it's going to perform an API request, and
it's going to update the page in
place without reloading the page.
So, unlike a form method equals post,
form method equals get is going to
default to doing everything client-side.
We're not going to reload the page
to get those new results.
Let's make this input
look a little bit nicer.
First thing you want to do is inherit
the same font family that we're using
elsewhere.
We're going to make
the the input a little larger,
say two M's, give it some padding and
make it filled with the screen.
Going to give it a nice
translucent background.
It's a very subtle, white color and
remove the border because
the default browser styling for
these elements is ugly as sin.
Too subtle border radius.
And we're going to need to give it
a color as well, so make that white.
I don't really like this
bright blue outline.
Let's use the nice accent color that
we're using for the elements in our nav.
We can do that with
a focus visible selector.
Outline 2px solid,
I'll use var accent like so.
All right, and we can now search for
all of the John Wick movies or
whatever else we're interested in.